	Assets are 256px by 256px, but you might consider scaling down them by half
because they were originally made and intended to be used at 128px by 128px. They
were just exported at 256px because I found the image quality was much better that
way, but if you prefer it at 256 then you can use them as such too. Up to you really.

	These assets are made to be modular so you will have to build the character yourself.
I provided multiple reference images so you have a guide, but that's only a suggestion.
If you want your character to use the leg sprite as a hand then you can do that. Feel free
to craft things to your personal liking.

	The Assets come in just a white color, but you can easily change the color:
Godot:
	  In Godot simply select the sprite and under Visibility -> Modulate in the inspector tab
	you can change the color. You can also use code to change the color as well.
	This is great if you'd like to have some character customization in your game.
Unity:
	  Like Godot, simply go to your inspector tab -> sprite renderer -> color and then change
	the color. You should also be able to change it through code as well.
Other Engines:
	  I haven't used any other engines, but I'm sure the same idea applies as in Godot and Unity.
	Simply change the sprite's color in your engine, but if that isn't an option then use Inkscape or
	Adobe Illustrator to change the color by editing the SVG files provided.

License:
CC0
- No credit needed, but appreciated.
- You can use it for commercial and non-commercial purposes alike.
- You're free to adapt the work and share it
(However, I would hope you would make it free for any devs like yourself to use ._.)

Questions?
- Comment on the asset's page
- DM me on Twitter @DoubtItt

Known Issues:
- I've found that the image quality goes to shit after you zoom out.
I don't know how to fix this, but if you know then let me know through
the comments section on the asset page or through a Twitter DM @DoubtItt.

Out Of Respect:
- All I ask is that you don't take my work then upload it to other sites, and try to claim it as your own work.
- That and I ask that you don't use my work in anything illegal or fucked up. Don't know
how you'd use it in either, but if you think that you've found the way. Don't.